---
layout:     post
title:      vscode插件
subtitle:   vscode插件
date:       2018-07-26
author:     BY
catalog: true
tags:
    - vscode插件
---

## Vue VS Code Extension Pack

Vetur - Includes support for .vue files, including but not limited to: Syntax-highlighting, Emmet, Linting / Error Checking, Formatting, Auto Completion, Debugging
Vue Snippets - These are my own snippets to supercharge Vue application development 🚀
Prettier - Never worry about formatting your code ever again, keep everything consistent with ease. My suggestion is to add "editor.tabCompletion": true, "editor.formatOnSave": true, to your settings file in preferences.
Formatting toggle This one is a lifesaver! I love Prettier, but there are times I'm submitting PRs to repos with different formatting rules than I have. Rather than having to either shut off Prettier entirely, update my preferences to match theirs, or submit a noisy PR, I can use this extension to toggle formatting with a quickkey and get everything in! I love it.
Bracket Pair Colorizer - This extension allows matching brackets to be identified with colours. The user can define which characters to match, and which colours to use. Super handy!
Bookmarks - Adds a bookmark to places you designate in your file, and allows you to quickly jump between them. Super helpful. Type command + opt + K to create a bookmark and command + opt + J to jump between them 🔖
Jumpy - We lose a lot of time scanning with a mouse, time we can get back by using our keyboard instead. Jumpy provides fast cursor movement by giving you a couple of keys that offer a hook to get to another part of the document.
NPM Intellisense - a plugin that autocompletes npm modules in import statements
ES6 Snippets - quickly spin up ES6 JavaScript with only 3 or 4 characters
Night Owl Syntax highlighting can be a very personal thing, so you might not want to use this, but I worked hard creating a theme you might like. Especially great for your eyes at night, this theme was developed especially with contrast and colorblindness in mind



